Document single alias endpoint (#1270)
zeit/docs: pages/docs/api/v1/api-docs-mdx/endpoints/aliases.mdx

  }`}</Code>
</Example>

> ### Get a single alias

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Get a Single Alias
```

<Endpoint>
  GET /v2/now/aliases/:id
  <br />
  GET /v2/now/aliases/:name
</Endpoint>

> Get the information of an alias, it could be used either by passing the `:id` or the `:name` in the URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get the information for a specific alias by passing either the project `id` or `name` in the URL.
```

#### Output

<OutputTable>
  <Row>
    <BoldCell>uid</BoldCell>
    <TypeCell>ID</TypeCell>
    <Cell>The unique identifier of the alias.</Cell>
  </Row>
  <Row>
    <BoldCell>alias</BoldCell>
    <TypeCell>String</TypeCell>

>     <Cell>Name of the alias.</Cell>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <Cell>The name of the alias.</Cell>
```

  </Row>
  <Row>
    <BoldCell>deployment</BoldCell>
    <TypeCell>Map</TypeCell>
    <Cell>
      An object containing the <InlineCode>id</InlineCode> and{' '}
      <InlineCode>url</InlineCode> of the deployment.
    </Cell>
  </Row>
  <Row>
    <BoldCell>created</BoldCell>
    <TypeCell>Date</TypeCell>
    <Cell>The date when the alias was created.</Cell>
  </Row>
  <Row>
    <BoldCell>projectId</BoldCell>
    <TypeCell>ID</TypeCell>
    <Cell>The unique identifier of the project.</Cell>
  </Row>
  <Row>
    <BoldCell>deploymentId</BoldCell>
    <TypeCell>ID</TypeCell>
    <Cell>The unique identifier of the deployment.</Cell>
  </Row>
</OutputTable>

<Example>
  <span>Example request:</span>

<Request
  method="GET"
  url="https://api.zeit.co/v2/now/aliases/2WjyKQmM8ZnGcJsPWMrHRHrE"
  auth
/>

Example successful (**200**) response:

> <Code lang="json">{`{

Reviewer: Could you adjust the indentation here so that's using 2 spaces rather than 4?

	"uid": "2WjyKQmM8ZnGcJsPWMrHRHrE",
	"alias": "my-alias.now.sh",
	"deployment": {
		"id": "dpl_2MfpYzxMJiiPVRs7ZYqo8US9dynT",
		"url": "my-alias-repfs93ww.now.sh"
	},
	"created": "2019-07-17T17:33:35.374Z",
	"projectId": "QmPMW4P9rKjheg6k3MckC7yZjRwMB6FdE8SZBerRvHWnYs",
	"deploymentId": "dpl_2MfpYzxMJiiPVRs7ZYqo8US9dynT"
}`}</Code>
</Example>

> ### Remove an alias

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Remove an Alias
```
